Everyone in the society is seeking for a way to release his or her pressure 
derived from continuous study or work, but what is the key factor of getting 
completely relaxed? There are two choices ¨C the first one is to sit themselves 
to a comfortable couch, watching movies and reading books while the other is 
to go out and do physical exercises. Although someone tends to choose the first 
approach, I definitely agree that doing physical exercise is a better choice 
for those who want to relax themselves. 

The first and foremost advantage of doing physical exercise is that it helps 
people stretch themselves and get recovered from anchylosis. People often feel 
stressed out because they sit still working or studying for 6 or more hours 
every day. Despite the difficulties caused by some sophisticated problems they 
need to deal with, sitting still for long is also one of the reasons that 
cause people¡¯s intense pressure that is harmful to their health. In this case, 
doing exercise is a superb way to help them get relaxed. Actually, doing some 
sports that involve the whole body¡¯s movement is the best, such as playing 
basketball, badminton. Jogging is also a good choice. On the contrary, watching 
a movie or reading a book still requires people to sit, which might worsen the 
situation instead.

To better relax ourselves, we must free ourselves from psychology stress. 
Doing exercise has two benefits in helping us achieve this goal. On the one hand, 
doing physical exercise facilitates the exudation of dopamine, which is a 
natural chemical our body secretes that makes us feel happy and relaxed. 
On the other hand, doing physical exercise generally brings us into contact with 
outside world. For example, when we jog in a park, the beautiful scenery there 
often refreshes our mind and takes us to a stress-free world. Besides, when we 
do some team sports, we communicate with our partners, sharing feelings and 
worries with them. They not only will cheer us up by saying some nice words 
but also may provide some suggestions for solving the problems we have. 
Clearly, we will feel much better after playing sports with them.

While some one may claim that we cannot ignore the importance of watching movies 
and reading books to relaxing ourselves since watching movies or reading books 
offer us greater chances to get away from the reality. Anyway, I admit that we 
can sometimes laugh by watching a comedy or enjoy the graceful description about 
pastoral country life thereby having an immersed sense. However, watching movies 
or reading books also requires us to stare at the screen or the book for long time, 
how can we have a good relaxation we still need to overfatigue our eyes? So, 
watching movies or reading books can be taken as good pastime when we want to 
spend weekends or holidays alone. And we should do physical exercise if we want 
to relax ourselves.


All in all, doing physical exercise is a superb way if we want to relax ourselves. 
It provides us with great opportunity to stretch ourselves and feel happy.