	Do you agree or disagree: Company should pay for employers to get university degree. 
Use Specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

	With the rapid development of economy, the market competition is becoming
more and more fierce. There are millions of graduates enter the society every year.
Most of them are with bachelor degree, many others are with master degree.
Actually, students with a university degree are more welcome to employers, and they 
usually get higher salary than those without a university degree.
What's more, it's believed that university students are more likely to make work better,
make more contribution to company, get more promotion and gain greater achievements.
So a university degree is not just important, but very necessary to everyone. No matter
who you are working for, getting a university degree should be in the very top of your agenda.
	But should company pay the tuition if its employees are considering to get a university
degree. I exactly agree that company should pay the tuition. 
	On the whole, getting a university degree is good to employers, and company can
benefit a lot from it. A university degree is not only a certificate, but also means
reading more technical books related to work, conducting more experiments and implementing
more researches. With a university degree after graduation, the employees would become more
competent than ever before, they will make a great contribution to the development of the
company.
	We can take XiaoWang as an example, working for an IT company in Beijing.
He has worked for 6 years, but hasn't gotten a satisfactory promotion. He was a little comfused,
and had no idea of how to improve himself. Fortunately, he got an opportunity to get further
education in Beijing Normal University. He made all his efforts to study. Finally,
after he graduated from the university, he got his university degree, and became more confident
and competent. He continued working for his company, and took responsibility of an important 
project, he finished his project successfully, and helped company earn lots of money. He also 
got the promotion he wanted.
	In my mind, education is the best way to promote the increase of one's ability.
To promote the development of the company, company shoud encourage employees to get a
university degree, and pay the tuition for employees to get a university degree.
