Are College Students Diligent?
	When we talk about whether college students are diligent or not. We will be most
surpised to find that the present situation is so complicated.
	On the one hand, many students do not cherish their time on campus. Some indulge
themselves in vedio games and Internet chat. Some go shopping and dancing frequently.
	On the other hand, many others seize every minut to turn their dreams to reality.
Some study in library everyday, including weekends, some conduct experiments until midnight,
some collect data from research papers, and others take part in all kinds of examinations.
	Two reasons in my eyes can account for this phenomenon.
	In the first place, general environment in university is a decisive factor. If
most students are fighting for their future, the others will be affected.
	In the second place, general social atmosphere also plays an important role.
If the reality can testify to the proverb, 'Diligence is the mother of success', students
should not hesitate to take action.

	When we talk about whether college students are diligent or not, we will be most
surpirsed to find that the present situation is so complicated.
	On the one hand, many students do not cherish their time on campus. Some indulge
themseleves in vedio games and Internet chat. Some go shopping and dancing very frequently.
	On the other hand, many others seize every minut to turn their dreams to reality.
Some study in library everyday, including weekends, some conduct experiments until midnight,
some collect data for research papers, and others take part in all kinds of examinations.
	Two reasons in my eyes can account for this phenomenon.
	In the first place, general environment in college is a decisive factor. If most
students are fighting for their future, the others will be affected.
	In the second place, general social atmosphers also plays an important role.
If the reality can always testify to the proberb, 'Diligence is the mother of success',
student will not hesitate to take action.
	