	It is common nowadays for employees to value whether a job is worth to take base on how 
many further educational opportunities the companies offer. But when we come to the question that 
should company pay for employees to get their university degree, opinions vary from person to 
person. Personally speaking, I give assent to the statement that company should pay for employees 
regarding pursuing the college degree, because the advantages which this method brings to 
the enterprise much overweigh the disadvantages.	
	Some people argue that providing the employee's tuition of the university will become a 
significant financial burden to the company and this may even result in financial crisis. 
I admit that requiring all the employees to get a university degree is not practical and a waste
of money. But we cannot deny that offering a proper portion of employees to get university degree 
can not only encourage the employees to work harder but also improve the workers' proficiency.
By affording more employees to obtain university degree, a company will have more skilled workers.
	In that way, employees develop their professional skills, and at the same time, the 
company improves its efficacy and proficiency. We can better understand this proclaim by the 
comparison between two companies. We all know that The Apple Company owns many high-educated 
employees while the Foxconn Company owns only a small portion of employees who are of graduation. 
The Apple Company publishes new iPhones annually and earns a lot of money. But the Foxconn Company
often stuck in the scandal of long and harsh working environment and low paid. So maybe, in the 
beginning, a company needs to pay more, it will get a huge amount of money back in turn for its 
investment in employees' university education.
	Secondly, offering more employees a opportunity to get further education will make the 
employees appreciate their company more and thus enhance the consolidation of the company.It is 
not hard to imagine this. When your boss tells you that he will pay for you to get further 
education in university, you must be fervid about this chance and may even determine to spare no 
effect to build your company better. I will definitely do if my company will do me this favor. 
If most of the employees appreciate what the company does for them, the consolidation of the 
company will be much more strengthened. In summarize, I believe it is beneficial for company to 
provide chance to their employees to have more education in university. This decision can do a 
lot of favor to the further development of the enterprise due to more intelligent clerks and more 
harmony ambiance.