	A lot of high school student now cheat in homework assignments, by asking other
students for answers. Which of the following do you think is the most efficient way
to stop:
-asking parents to help stop the students from cheating
-penalty or punishment to the students
-asking teachers to creat homework assignments that cannot be easily cheated

	We all ever went through high school, the experience of high school is very
interesting, but besides the excitement, homework assignments are our consistent
company that always make us annoyed, even paninful. Assignments take lots of our
time that should be taken to play with our mates, and as some researches say that
it is hard for teenagers to concentrate themselves on one thing, maybe it is
something to do with their infinite animation and spirite. But however, students
must get their assignments well done. And nowadays, to get assignments done, there 
are many students trying to cheat in their assignments.
	When we come to talk about this rough question, we should know why students always
want to cheat in their assignments. If a student do not finish his assignments, he may be 
punished by his teachers. When he stands right in front of all his classmates, it is not funny,
just a shame to him. On the contrary, well done assignments always mean effort and diligence, 
and teachers always reward those students who can finish their assignments on time. 
And on campus,finishing assignments or not is usually used to distinguish better-behaved students
from worse-behaved students. By now, we can tell that the reason of why students cheat in 
assignments is that they want to get rewarded and avoide being punished. Cheating in assignments 
just help students solve their homework questions, but will dohuge damage to their study. 
Even worse, if cheating froms into a habit, it will affect their development of future deeply. 
So how should we do to stop students from cheating in assignments?
	Personally speaking, I think punishment is the best efficient way. Because, if a student
want to avoid being punished by cheating in assignments, then we will punish him more severely.
Some people may oppose this argument because they think that punishment itself is not a proper
method in education. I agree with them, maybe punishement is not proper, but it is indispensable.
We should not implement physical punishment to students, we can require them to take more
assignments as a punishment. Our goal is to help them form a good study habit, a good study habit
will play a very significant role in their future life.