	Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: students are more 
interested in politics than they were in the past

	I agree with this statement that students are more interested in
politics than they were in the past.
	I can take some examples to support my viewpoing.
	Firstly, if we have a opporunity to join a group with some young students,
or we can do a survey on college campus or high school campus, we can find that
talking about politics is a common practice. Some events, such as the government just
stated a new policy about economy, president election is going to be taken place 
in a foreign country, can always stimulate their interest. Even some students 
positively gather together to discuss the new annual economic report or goverment
working report. These scenes haven't ever been seen before.
	When we try to find the reason of why they always be absorbed by
politics. We can find that some factors contribute to this phenomenon.
	Firstly, with the Internet becoming more and more widespread, getting
information is becoming easier than ever before. And at the same time
young students especially college students often spend lots of time
surfing the Internet. As we know, political news is always at the top of 
news listings, so they can scan these news in the first place.
	Secondly, in the last decade or two, more creative education methods
were promoted. Nowadays, teachers encourage students to think positively, 
schools always take place some workshops, and students can exchange their
ideas about the political news with teachers. The process of thinking and 
expressing helps them form a method of thinking, which will be helpful to their future.
And politics always be used as workshop topics.
	Thirdly, in college and universities, more and more courses have been
opened, some of them are relative to politics. And students have more freedom
to choose their major and classes. In other words, there are more opportunities
for students to gain political knowledge. 
	I think that it is the development of society and education rather than 
students themselves make them more interested in politics. 