College students are more aware of their political power today than before,
when they put their minds to it. Many are actually getting involved by using 
"voice and vote" to choose government officials and make decisions about public 
policy. What they think could really matter and could help shape the future of politics.
The importance of young adults' political tendency is increasingly being felt, when it
comes to election campaigns. College students are becoming an influential constituency and 
it is hard to find elections where young people's opinions are ignored. It is because their 
votes and voices represent their age group and must be valued as such. Since their voices 
are heard and their votes count, they as students begin to feel more confident that their
 opinions could have an impact on some key political issues. In short, college students are 
gradually becoming more enthusiastic toward the art or science of running governmental affairs. 
So, if you think that students are more interested in politics today than before, you can 
say that again.
The future of politics is in the making in the minds of young adults, especially students. 
During their free time, college students are taking part in making decisions about the student 
government on the campus, for instance. Partly in this way, they learn independent thinking 
and debating--listening as much as speaking. In general, there is a growing awareness that 
politics is in the best interests of people and that apathy to politics may not be the right
 attitude. Thanks to the influence of information through the media, particularly television 
and the Internet, they realize that modern politics means more than a bunch of old guys arguing 
with each other. In fact, some of today's college students with strong political inclinations 
are likely to become such "old guys" in the time to come.
It is clear that the opinions of young people (18-25 years old) are too important to be 
dismissed from politics because their opinions could foreshadow how the governmental 
affairs would be 
run in the future. The political power of students ought not to be under-estimated, now 
that they can have a say and can vote. They will be the mainstream of politics.