Why should an organization use boost?
In a word, Productivity. Use of high-quality libraries like boost speeds initial delevlopment, results in fewer bugs, 
reduces reinvention-of-the-wheel, and cuts long-term maintenance costs. 

How do users get support?
For relatively straightforward support needs, users rely on the mailing list. One of the advantage of Boost is the 
responsiveness of other users and boost developers.

How about license issues?
Boost has its own license, developed with help from the Harvard Law School. The Boost license policies encourage both
commercial and non-commercial use, and the Boost license is not related to the GPL or other licenses - that are 
sometimes seen as business unfriendly.

How about other intellectual property issues?
The Boost libraries tend to be new, fresh, and createive designs. They are not copies, clones, or derivations of 
proprietary libraries. Boost has a firm policy to repect the IP rights of others. The development of Boost libraries
is publicly documented via the mailing lists and version control repository. The source code has been inpected by 
many, many knowledgeable programmers. Each Boost file has a copyright notice and license information. IP issues have
been reviewed by the legal teams from some of the corporations who use Boost, and in some cases these lawyers have been
kind enough to give Boost feedback on IP issues. There are no guarantees, but those factors all tend to reduce IP risk.

Why would anyone give away valuable software for free?
Businesses and other organizations often prefer to have code developed, maintained, and improved in the open source 
community when it does not contain technology specify to their application domain, because it allows them to focus more 
development resources on their core business.
Individuals contribute for the technical challenge, to hone their technical skills, for the sense of community,
as part of their graduate school programs, as a way around geographic isolation, to enhance their employment opportunities,
and as advertisements for their consulting services. There are probably as many reasons as there are individuals.Some of
the apparently individual contributions come from employees of support companies with contracts from businesses or other
organizations who have an interest in seeing that a library is well-maintained.

Who pays Boost expenses?
Boost doesn't really have any expenses. All the infrastructure is contributed by supporters, such as the Open System Lab 
in Indiana University, SourceForge, Boost Consulting, MetaCommunications, and individuals, companies and other 
organizations who run the regression tests. Borland, HP, Intel and Microsoft have contributed compilers. And hundreds, 
even thousands of programmers contribute their time. That is what makes Boost possible.