(Q:Are you generally conversation or not?
A:That's hard to say. In some matters, I'm very conservation, but in others like educations,
I'm liberal.
Q:I don't think so, when it comes to money, you are of course conservation. But if you spend
someon else's money, you're liberal.)
Girls versus boys
(The big contest is our school versus the other school)
(daisy: you can see it in many places, if you like to take a walk in the mountains or by 
the roadside, you can see many daisies, they're very small and pretty. They have round center
and petals come out from the center, and they look like a little sun. Sometimes the center is
yellow with white petals, sometimes the center is black with yellow petals, it looks like a 
little sun.)
(I'm talking with him about money)
What do you think, S. Should girls be allowed to wrestle with boys?
(What do you think of him?)
(What do you think about him?)
(How do you fell about him?)
(How do you like him?)
(My father allows me to drive his car on sundays)
(On sundays, I always go to the movies)
(I like to take a walk with my dog on sundays, or stay at home and sleep)
(My father permits me to dirve his car on sundays)
I don't see anything wrong with that
(I don't see anyhing wrong with small children staying up late)
(He stayed up late last night studying English)
(What's wrong with him)
(What's the matter with him)
(Don't worry about him, there's nothing wrong with him)
(There's nothing the matter with him)
Well, wrestling is a contest sport, it's very physical
(Contast sports: are sports in which people touch each other and sometimes hit each
other. Of course, wrestling is a contast sport, so is boxing, of course, bu so is
basketball, sometimes, when boys play basketball, they sometimes hit others' bodies,
it's your body, so it's physical. We can say they're contact sports, or we say 
they're physical sports too)
(Physical checkup)
(You should have a physical checkup once a year)
(You should have a physical once a year)
So? I thought you women always want to equal to men
(He is equal to the job)
Yes, this's different, this situation is different, they'll be grabbing each other
and to win, one wrestler has to lay on top of his opponent.
So what? This' disgusting
(disgusting: you can tell from the way we say it. it means, if something makes you fell
awful and you want to get away from it, it's disgusting to you. Some kinds of animals
are disgusting to some people, like snakes and spiders are disgusting animals to many
people. Or smoking is disgusting to some people. They'll leave the room if someone 
starts to smoke, because they think that smoking is disgusting)
(I fell disgusted)
Girl just shouldn't wrestle with boys
... Daisy, maybe you ought to be a nun
(...: it's just a sigh of your feeling or your emotion)
That's not funny, you sex ...