Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has launched a school to computer science and technology-related skills.
Wozniak last week announced creation of what is being called Online university known as Was You.
In the beginning, Was You will only offer classes through electronic devices connected to computers.
Later, the school plans to open up classrooms in more than thirty cities so students can 
attend in person.
Steve Wozniak founded Apple company with Steve Jobs in 1976. They developed and hand-built the company's
first computer, the Apple-I. mainly working in Jobs's home, near San Jose California. 
The following year, Wozniak designed the Apple-II, which marked a revolution in computer design and
development.
The Apple-II became the world's first successfully mass-produced personal computer.
Throughout its history, Apple has been seen as one of the most innovative technology companies.
In addition to computers, he developed industry-changing products, such as the iPod and iPhone.
According to Forbes, Apple is currently the ninth largest public company in the world.
Steve Wozniak left Apple in 1985. He has said he left because he did not agree with some of 
company's business goals at the time.
Since then, he has been involved with several other technology companies. 
Wozniak has been a supporter of local education in areas where he has lived.
He even taught computer classes for young people and he donated technology equipment to schools.
Now Wozniak is teaming up with for-profit company to provide programs for students interested in 
learning about technology.
Out goal is to educate and train people in employable digital skills without putting them into years of debt
Wozniak said in a statement.
He added that his goal is to inspire and prepare the next generation of innovators to join the 
workforce of the future.
People often are afraid to choose a technology-based career because they think they can't do it.
He said, "I know they can, and I want to show them how"
Was You currently offers training in software development and computer support The school plans to add
several other subjects in 2018. Students who finish the programs will receive a certificate 
of completion upon graduation.
Wozniak says the school will also work with technology companies to help them identify new workers
train the ones they already have.
