For VOA Learning English, this is the health&lifestyle report.
No matter where they live, children get strong message about what is expected of them
as they grow up.
And in most countries in the world, these expectations are closely tied to gender.
boys learn that they have to be strong, they are encouraged to explore new things and
have adventures.
But researcher say these expectations leave them with an increased risk of HIV, homicide
and suicide.
Girls get message that they bodies are both assets and problems.
They need to look good but not too good.
They need to stay away from boys, so they do not bring dishonor to their families.
Dr.Bob Blum, is the director of the Global Early Adolescent Study, and joins Hopkins university
in Baltimore, Maryland.
He led the study, he says it is the first of its kind, "There was no research at all, 
no understands at all of young adolescents"
He said, people held the belief that children are not receiving messages about gender,
gender-based violence, rape and things of that natures.
But the study came to a different finding. The researchers talked to 450 poorchildren and their
parents about gender expectations.
The talks took place in a total 15 countries of mixed wealth.
Children in this study were between ages 10 and 14.
The World Health Organization, or WHO, and Johns Hopkins Medicine healthcare system were
partners for the study.
Dr. Venkatraman Chandra-Mouli works on adolescent health for the World Health Organization. 
He says, poverty has a powerful effect and keeping these damageing ideas alive.
It means boys will be pulled out of school, and send to work.
Girls will not be educated, or they will be removed from school as soon as they reach 
their early teen years. And they will be forced to marry young.
"If I see the daughter in my house as a burden, and a burden that I need to watch over very
carefully because I don't want her to have sex before marriage, because if she does, she is
not marriageable. Then what do I do, I keep her under very tight control and I get her married 
off as quickly as I can"
But there is a push for change. In Nigeria, study researcher Bamidele Bello found that girls 
do not want to be limited by their gender.
She said, they want to become doctors and professors. They have big goals and do not want
their gender to limit them.
In Shanghai, China, girls are told they should be economically independent and should 
not depend on men for financial help.
At the same time, girls are told their husband will leave them if they 
do not do housework. 
This burden does not affect men, said researcher Zuo.
He said, traditional culture requires women to be obedient.
Blum says, they found that even in the most liberal societies, children internalize the belief 
that boys are strong and independent, and girls are weak and dependent.
Children receive these messages all the time, from brothers, sisters, classmastes,
teachers, parents, family members, religious leaders and sports team leaders.
The research also found that in most cultures by the time girls are ten years old,
they have been told that their main asset is their physical appearance.
Lead co-researcher Kristin Mmari said girls around the world are concerned about their bodies,
and other people's attitudes towards them.
She said, in New Delhi India, girs talk about their bodies as a risk that needs to
be covered up.
And in Baltimore, Maryland, girls told researchers, their main asset was their bodies, they need to
look good but not too good.
Chandra-Mouli said violence against women is extremely common. 
He said, one in three women experience violence from their husband or other sexual
partners.
But the researchers found that gender expectations put boys in danger too.
The social pressure to be come strong and indenpendent makes them more likely
to be victims of physical violence or homicide, and there is a higher chance they will have 
unhealthy behaviors, like tabacco , drug, or alcohol use.
The study said that societies that want healthier young adults need to make changes in gender
messaging.
The WHO wants to use the study findings to create programs that change ideas
about what is normal for each gender before children reach age fifteen.
Blum said, the researchers will measure changes in their subjects over the next
few years to see how belief about gender affect individual lives. And they want to see 
whether programs change the results.
Blum and other researchers from the study discussed their findings at the National Press
Club in Washington

