From VOA Learning English, this is the health and lifestyle report.
Each year, nearly three out of four children around the world experience some kind of violence.
A new report comfirms that finding, and another troubling development. Childhood violence
is linked with violence against women. Children who see their mother being abused are likely 
to be abused as an adult or become abusers themselves.
The report is called "ending violence in childhood", Global report 2017. 	
The study was prepared for a children's rights group called "know violence in childhood".
The organization was launched in India three years ago. The study found out that childhood 
violence happens nearly everywhere. In rich and poor countries alike.
It affects an estimated 1.7 billion children every year.
This violence includes fighting or bullying--the mistreatment or abuse of someone by stronger or 
more powerful individual.
It can also include sexual abuse, sexual violence and physical punishment both at home and in school.
The researchers did not include violence from war and other events.
Ramya Subrahmanian is executive director of Known Violence of Childhood. She said that
children experience emotional and physical punishment at young ages, some from as early as 
two years of age.
She adds that violence is a learned behavior that comes from deep, long-held cultural values.
For example, in some societes, beating is a form of discipline.
The researcher say that there is also an economic cost to society when children experience
violence.
They found that children who experience violence at home are more likely to miss school, 
or even leave school and never return.
They are less likely to get an education and succeed in life. No Violence in Childhood reports that
up to eight percent of the world's Gross Domestic Product is spent on repairing the damage caused by childhood
violence. 
GDP is usually defined as the total value of all good and services.
The report notes that even with such a high cost, governments fail to invest in policies that could 
stop the causes of childhood violence.
The group's website explores ways to end the violence. Its reports that experts say the first
step is to speak out about violence against children.
Keeping silent only increases the chance that violence will continue.
The experts also say that it is important to educate caregivers and empower children to be strong
and resilient.
The report says that anti-violence education need to be included in school systems, community programs
and in health services.
