Searchers are hoping to bring technology to small farms in developing countries.
Ranveer Chandra works for Microsoft Corporation, a American technology company.
Chandra grew up in India, he remembers spending 4 months a year on his family's farm.
"There is no water", he said. "No electricity, no toilets".
Animals pulled plowing equipment through fields, as they have for centuries.
Now, Chandra, like many other researchers, wants to bring technology to small farms.
Their goal is this, to feel the world without destroying the planet.
Precision agriculture is a method of growing crops. Farmers use technology to connect 
very precise or exact measurement about their land. It tell farmers how they planted seeds
........
The main idea of precision farming notes the crops society of America or CSA. It's that
there are natural differences in the soil, even in the same field. Farmers who understand 
these differences are better able to product crops. Precision farming is fairly new in the
United States, said the CSA. It began in 1990s, at that time, global positioning system
or GPS technology became available to the public. GPS technology is available to show exact 
positions on Earth. GPS information can tell farmers where their planted seeds......
In many areas, farmers do not use high-tech equipment, often in these places, production levels
are low. Now, hith-tech tools are bringing a new level of precision to large-scale agriculture.
Farming equipment can plant different amounts of seeds and leave different amounts of fertilizer
in different parts of the field. Water measuring equipment can tell farmers how much water their 
plants are getting. Some of these technology is too costly for small farmers, especially in
developing countries.
Chandra, the Microsoft researcher from India is working to develop low-cost, high-tech tools
for farmers. Chandra developed a system that connects soil sensors to other sensing equipment 
through unused television or TV channels. These unused TV signals known as White space frequencies
can provide broadland Internet connection over long distance. Some hospitals and schools in world
areas are all ready online with white space connections, Chandra noted. Each soil sensor provides 
information about conditions on the farm. To connect all the areas into a big picture, a drone
aircraft takes photographs from high in the air.
Artificial Intelligence or AI, compares these area photos to the sensor data. AI then can creat
maps of where the soil is too acidic or needs more water.
Similar technology can also help farmers watch their animals. Webcams can help farmers identify
sick cattle.
Chandra hopes to bring the cost the simple system under 1 hundred dollars. He notes the existence 
of low-cost replacement for the drones. A ballon tied to a mobile phone can serve the same purpose.
He added that Microsoft is considering different business models. Farmers could share a system
or a local farm business could rent systems to farmers.
Microsoft is just one company that sees	agriculture as an area of growth for technology.
Google invested in a small company that gathers farmers' data on how different crops perform
from farm-to-farm and year-to-year.
Many other companies are trying to enter the high-tech farm business, notes John Fulton of 
Ohio State University.
Fulton himself has helped develope a free phone app for farmers, the software program helps them
compare different field management techniques.
"Everyone is trying to figure out how they play in agriculture", he said."we are really at a early
stage of the digital agriculture revolution".
Demand on agriculture are increasing, as the world's population grows, farmers will need to make
more food without cutting down more forests or pollutting the land and water.
To do that, existing farm need to produce more crops.
Chandra says that what farmers need is more information, so they can give the land what it needs.
Like apply water only where it is needed, apply fertilize where it is needed, apply pesticide
where it is needed.