Google announced new technology at its yearly developers conference last week. Many of these announcements
involve updates to existing tech, instead of new gadgets These updates may make life a little easier.
Google is adding a feature to GMail, to make it easier for the users to answer emails. Smare Reply
learns how you write and suggests three short replies to emails you receive. You can choose one and
sent it or add more words to the Smart Reply. Smart Reply will be offered in English, and will 
expand to Spanish later this year. 
Google Assistant, the digital assistant from Google is getting updates with new features. You will
be able to use Google Assitant to do more things on more devices. For example, Google Assistant
is learning to read. Users will be able to type questions to Google Assistant on their phones
in addition to using voice commands.
History will be added to Google Assistant, so users can see what they have asked in the past. Google
Assistant can help make your home smarter, as it now works with over seventy smart home partners.
Use your voice to control your smart home devices with Google Home. More languages are coming to
Google Assistant on Android. Google Assistant soon will be available in Japaness, Brazilian Portuguese,
French and Germany. By the end of 2017, Google Assistant will be available in Italian, Korean and Spanish.
Google Assistant is now available on the iPhone in the United States. People who want to use Google
Assistant but also want to use iPhone can now download Google Assistant app. Unlike Siri, Google
Assistant can not be started by pressing the Home button on the iPhone. Users must go into the app
to use Google Assistant on the iPhone. The Google Assistant app is free in the iTunes App Store.
Google is making its Google Home smart speaker more useful. Google Home works with Google Assistant,
and will be able to let you know about information such as flight delays and traffic problems that 
may delay your travels. Users do not even to ask for such assistance. Google Home will light
up to let user know there is an alert. Then they just have to ask what the alert is about. Users 
also can now set calendar appointments and reminders through Google Home. The information will appear 
across all your devices. Google Home will be able to use voice activation for phone calls. Users can 
speak to Google Home to place calls and talk on the phone. Google Home will recognize voices, for 
example, if you tell it 'Call mum', it will can your mother, and not your partner's or roommate's
mother. Google Home calls will be free to mobile phones and to landlines in the US and Canada. Google Home
will be got into bluetooths so you can stream your music to it. You also will be able to play music
directly from services such as Spotify, Soundcloud and Deezer If you have a Chromecat you will be
able to use your television as the screen for Google Home. If you connect your Google Home to your
Chromecast you will be able to see Google Home's answers to your questions on your TV. This feature will be 
added later in 2017. Google is improving its ability to identify what is in a photo. For example,
With Google Lens, users could point their cameras at a poster for an event and do things such as adding
the event to their calendars, buying tickets to the event or finding out more about it. They can also use 
Google Lands to point their phone cameras at a resturant and get ... for it, or they can focus it 
on a flower, and Google Lands will identify the flower and suggests an nearby flower shop. But the 
coolest trick of Google Lands may be one involving your ...... Pointing the camera at a ...password
code and Google Lands will automatically log you into the network. Last month, we've reported on 
how Google .... were changing image search. Google Land shows the increasing importance of image
search to Google. Google added new useful features to Google Photos that make you share your phots
easier. Suggested photos is a new feature of Google Photos that makes sharing easier. Suggested photos
will identify people in the user's photos and suggests that user send them those photos. Users can
even set Suggested photos to send the photos automatically to people in the photos without the need
for a suggestion. Share Librarys is a new feature that let users share their entire Google photos
library or large parts of it with other people. Users of Google Photos can now order printed books
of their photos. Google will choose your best photos or you can choose them yourself. Google Photos
will make sure there are no duplicates and you are choosing the best photos. Photo Books start with twenty
pages and just under ten dollars for soft cover, and just under twenty dollars for hard cover.
The Books will be available in the US first and then in other countries later this year.




