Militias operating in Synia have declared the victory over the Islamic State, or IS fighers in
Raqqa.
The militias raised flags over the city on Thuesday after a four months battle against IS forces.
Raqqa served as capital of the self-declared Islamic State militant group.
The ... news agency said the fighting has ended, but noted ... and Arab militias were clearing 
a sports center of ..... militants.
A spokers man for the Synia Democratic Forces, or SDF, said his group plans to formally declare
victory after the work is completed.
The SDF has been fighting sinch June to take Raqqa.
The militia has received help from the United States and its allies.13513732634
The final SDF attack on Raqqa began on Sunday after a group of serious jihad.. withdrew,
leaving only 300 fighters to defend their position.
On Monday, the SDF captured "Paradise Square", a place where the militant carried out executions
in front of city residents. Some locals call it "Hell Square", as bodies and servered heads would
be left there for days.
The fighters captured Raqqa's main hospital after fierce fighting Monday night, And early on
Thuesday said SDF spokers man... in the statement.
The fighters then lowered the black flag of the Islamic State at the hospital, the site of IS 
command center.
One witness told ... that militias fighters and commanders celebrated in the middle of wreckage and
ruined buildings around the Square.
And SDF field commander said explodtions from mines killed three militias men on Monday.
Another commander said SDF fighters have found burned weapons and documents in the sports center.
The fall of Raqqa is a sign of the Islamic State collapse. It was the first big city captured by
IS in early 2014. 
After a series of victories in Irap and Synia, the group declared the establishment of ...
with Raqqa as captical.
The Islamic State created its laws, passports and money. It used the city as a base to plan attacks
overseas and to imprison western ... before killing them in video published online.
The group has lost most of its territory in Synia and Irap this year, including the city of M...
In Synia, IS forces has been forced back into small areas in the ... valley and surrounding desert.