For the first time, researchers have identified six genes that can control the length
of pregnancy. And they say the genes may show whether or not a baby will be born early.
Preterm birth when the baby is born too early, it's a large casuse of disability and death
among the very young.
Fifteen million babies worldwide are born too soon every year. Their lungs may be too small
and undeveloped, they struggle to breathe. Many of them die. For those who survive, problems
from being born too early can affect them all their lifes.
Preterm birth is the leading cause of death among children under the age of five years worldwide.
A pregnancy normally lasts about fourty weeks. And infant is considered full term if the baby
is born after thirty-seven weeks in the mother's womb
One study found that a small number of babies born at just twenty-two weeks gestation, have survived
with medical treatment But even late preterm babies are likely to die or experience problems even
if they are the size and weight of some full term infants.
Late preterm babies are ones born between thirty-four and thrity-six weeks of gestation. 
Now, a number of researchers may have found a way to understand the causes of this complex disorder.
The researchers looked at the genetic structure in 50 thound pregnant women. It was the largest study
yet of DNA or .......
The study found six genes that seem to control how long a baby will stay in the mother's womb
Doctore .... is the co-director of the parent ... at ... children's hospital medical center in Ohio.
He helped organize the study and explains what the researchers found. 
"For the first time, we have included ..."
Doctor ... says scientists have known for a long time that preterm birth involves a combination of
genetic and environmental causes.
One of the newly identified genes is involved help the body use the .....
... is found is soil, seafood and meat.
It's also sold in some stores but not currently included in ... women usually take while pregnant.
... are low cost. If the results of study are confirmed, this could save millions of lifes.
... such as ... has been showed to greatly reduce birth ...
... is added to food in many countries to help prevent health problems.
Another finding is that the sell 


