Americans are worried about new technology. They are concerned that machines including
robots will take over work now done by humans.
These findings come from a new report by a Pew Research Center of Washineton DC.
About 75 percent of Americans questioned by Pew said automation will increase
income and inequality between the rich and middle class and poor.
And 64 percent of people expect automation to be so common in America that people
will face difficult finding things to do with their lives.
Some of the concerns about technology come from distrust about whether machines 
will make the right decision.
Pew said many Americans believe humans have better judgement in dealing with complex
matters, or when there is not one clear answer.
One example is selecting a person for a job. Three-quarters of Americans said they would
not want to apply for a job that uses a computer program to choose the most qualified
person.
Americans have similar doubts about riding a car without a driver.
The Pew Research Center found that 56 percent of Americans would not ride in a driveless
car.
59 percent said they would not use robot caregiver.
Most Americans want the government to limit automation. For example, 87 percent support
the requirement that all driveless vehicles have human in the driver's seat who can take
control when needed.
And 85 percent want to limit machines to mostly doing jobs that are dangerous or
unhealthy for humans.
About 33 percent of Americans believe that their own jobs are threatened by automation.
About one in five said they knew someone whose hours was cut or whose jobs were 
lost all together because of automation.
And only 25 percent expected more jobs to come from automation, Pew said.
Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder of Facebook, spoke last May to graduating seniors from Harvard
University in Massachusetts.
His talk centered on the uncentain future facing young people.
"Our generation will have to deal with tens of millions of jobs replaced by automation
like self-driving cars and trucks", Zuckerberg told the graduates.
Zuckerberg said young people would have to find projects that will both bring jobs and
direct benefits to the people of the world.
He said in his speech that 300 thousand people worked to put a man on the moon.
And millions of people build the Hoover Dam as well as other great projects over the last
one hundred years.
Zuckerberg also said, "Now, it's our turn to do great things. I know you're probably thinking
I don't know how to build a dam or get millions of people involved in anything. But let me
tell you a secret, no one does when they begin, ideas don't come out fully formed, they only become
clear as you work on them. You just have to getstarted"
Pew questioned over 4 thousand people last May for this research on how Americans see
automation.
