One of the uses of techology is to make life easier.
A new product form Microsoft Corporation can do just that for people who have trouble seeing.
They may be blind or visually impaired.
The product in app is currently avaiable for free for Apple's iPhone and iPad.
The app is called Seeing AI. AI is short for artificial intelligence, a term for computers
with ability to think and learn like human being. Seeing AI uses both artificial intelligence and
a camera to identify places, objects and people. The app then announces what the camera sees, so 
users will know what is in front of them. People can also use Seeing AI to learn words in English.
With the app open, you can point your iPhone or iPad at any object, and it will see what the object is.
With Seeing AI, users can hear a description of not just objects, but other people. It can even tell
you about their emotions. It'll not just say that someone is just smiling, the app will say that the
person is happy, or surprised, or angry.
People can use this app when going to a store or supermarket. It can read product ban codes so users
will know whether a can was filled with food or dog food. Microsoft said Seeing AI will soon be able
to identify banknotes so people know whether they are holding a bill that was 100 dollars or 1 dollar.
At resturant, diners can use the new app to hear a list of drinks other menu offering. It can
recognize both food choices and prices. People can use the app to read signs and get directions.
Although, Mircosoft warns against using it for navigation purposes.
One of the most interesting tools of Seeing AI is its ability to read documents. The app can read 
documents aloud and even help a user position them on the center of the electronic device.
The app looks for the edges of the document so it knows that it is reading all of the wording.Seeing AI can
also identify images in other apps. When you are using another app, hit the 'Share' icon and choose
'Recognize with Seeing AI'. The app can identify what is in the image as if it was right in front of
you. The Seeing AI app has four channels, Short Text, Document, Product, and Person. After you download
it, the app will show you video directions for each channel. With the Document and Person channels, 
the app takes a picture of the object or person then examines the image and announces what it is.
The Short Text channel can be used to read things such as signs that have few words that will fit on
a screen. Hold the camera over the text and the app will start reading the wording out loud.
The Document channel is for longer printed pages. The app will tell the user how to center the camera 
so it can read all the text. Users should put the document on top of something with a different colour,
such as a white sheet of paper on a dark surface. This helps the app identify the edges of the paper.
The Product channel reads bar codes to help users recognize what the product is. The app may also
provide more information about the product such as cooking directions. Seeing AI will guide users
with sound, short beeps, to let them know when the camera is getting closer to and then scanning
the bar code. When the app scans the bar code, it will read the name of the product. If more information
is available about the product, a 'More Information' button will appear in the program.
The Person channel helps users identify people. Who they are and what they are doing. The app can
identify more than one person in a photograph. Users can teach the app names of people, so it can
anncounce who they are by name. The app will help guide users while taking a photo of people so
that their faces are in the center of the image. This channel also helps identify the emotions of 
people. The app will tell how a person is feeling based on their faces. The app will also predict
the person's age and sex. The app also has an Experimental channel called Scene. With that channel,
the app guesses what is happening in the photo. Mircosoft also says a currency channel is coming 
soon to the app. That area will help users know the value of banknotes.
Seeing AI is a new app and will not be correct one hundred percent of the time. For example, 
just because someone is smiling does not necessarily mean they are happy. The app recognizes text
but not handwriting yet. That feature may be available in the future. Also Seeint AI need to be
connected to the Internet to work. For more information about the app, including the informational 
videos, go to Mircosoft's Seeing AI website.
As we said earlier, Seeing AI is a free app and avialable for Apple's iPhone and iPad in the 
iTunes App Store. Mircosoft has not yet said whether it will be available on Android in the future.
The app is currently available in Canada, Hongkong, India, New Zealand, Singapore and United States.

