One of the newest smart devices is an old favorite, a camera. And smart cameras are
getting smarter all the time.
Some are now built with machine learning tools to help them think for themselves.
Machine learning involes putting large amounts of data into a computer for
processing. 
A computer uses algorithm them to process data and learn from it.
The machine then trains itself over time to make predictions and decisions about
future actions.
This technology helps cameras operate on their own by reacting to people 
and objects, and particular environment.
One of the lastest to launch is Google Clips. It's the first camera developed
by the web search giant, that is not built into a phone.
Google Clips is very small, weighing just 60 grams The device is designed to
be put somewhere in the room to take pictures by iteself.
It can also be attached to an object or a person's clothing.
Google says machine learning helps the camera choose the better times and
situations for taking pictures and video clips.
It can also recognize the faces of people or pets chosen by the user
and take pictures of them in a more natural way.
Google Clips is smart enough to recognize great expressions, lighting and framing
the company says on its website.
Google says privacy control has been built into the camera to give users
complete control over which images they send to other devices or share
with others.
The price for Google Clips is 249 dollars. 
The device is not yet being sold, but interested buyers can join the waiting
list to be informed when it's available.
GoPro is another company developing machine learning technology.
The company's hero5 and hero6 models are designed to be easily taken anywhere
and can automatically capture pictures and video.
The hero5 session camera can be control by voice to allow for total hands-free
usage.
Go... also uses machine learning to power its QuikStories feature.
This tool takes existing photos and videos and automatically creates a finished
video piece complete with music and effects.
Messaging app Snapchat sells a pair of sunglasses with a built-in camera that can 
record short video clips with the push a button.
Snap Inc. says the product called Spectacles is designed to capture the moment without
taking you out of it.
While GoPro's cameras Snapchat's Spectacles are designed to be used mostly outdoors.
Google says Clips works best when used at home with family and close friends.
Most GoPro and Snap Inc. plan to keep developing machine learning technology.
But so far, neither has released products with smart capture capabilities
camparable to Google Clips.
Many smart phones already have facial recognition technology built into the
devices.
Apple's new iPhone10 is being launched with its new Face ID system, that it
says will unlock the phone just by having a user look at it.
This replaces the Touch ID on previous devices that use a fingerprint to
unlock the phone.
Apple says the system works by projecting more than 30,000 dots on the face 
to create a kind of map.
And infrared camera then reads the dots to create a image that can be confirmed
as a match.
Apple claims facial recognation is even secure enough to allow payments 
through its Apple Pay service.
Sunsung's S8 smart phones also use facial recognition technology to
unlock devices.
Earlier this year, Sunsung also launched its new voice assistant Bixby
The service uses machine learning to automatically search and bring up
information on things that photographed.
The technology also allows voice to control many devices's actions.