British Company Dyson is known for inventing new vacuum cleaner technology and producing other devices
for the home.
Now the company has entered new territory by announcing plans to launch an electric vehicle by 2020.
In the recent announcement to employees, company founder James Dyson said about 4 hundred engineers
are working with other teams on the project. 
The company based in Malmesbury, England, is known for creating innovative product designs started
by Dyson himself.
Dyson is seen by many as having revolutionaized the industry by engineering products that are
powerful and easy to use.
For example, the company makes fans and heating devices that do not use blades like most
other products on the market.
Dyson has been working on vehicle technology since 1990, when its engineers invented the way to 
.....
In recent years, the company has increased the research and development efforts for electric
vehicles.
Accoring to Dyson, the company will invest at least 2.6 billion dollors in the project.
He said, he looks forward to offering the world a solution to the world's largest single 
environmental risk.
In his message, Dyson said the company is now ready to use all of these technologies to produce
an electric car.
He said he has always believed that electrically powered vehicles will help solve the world's
pollution problems.
He added that this is why the company has developed battery technologies for many years.
The vehicles will not run on the same kind of lithium ion batteries currently used in electric
cars.
Instead, Dyson said the company chose solid-state technology in an effort to make the batteries
smaller and easier to charge.
The company has not yet released specific details about the design of the vehicle.
Competition for new technology in the automotive industry is fierce, and we must do everything 
we can to keep the specifics of our vehile confidential. Dyson wrote in his company message.
However, he did tell Britain's The Guardian newspaper the vehicle would not be a sports car. He said, the design was all about
the technology and warned it would be an expensive vehicle to own.
