emoji
collect emojis

I didn't get any messages from you all week.
How have you been?
Pretty busy, but good.
Alright, anything new?
Hey, Mark, do you mind if I poing something out?
Don't hold back.
What's on your mind?
Well, I have noticed you sometimes put a smile emoji ... at the end of your messages on WeChat.
Yeah, So?
Well, it's not the joyful smile.
So, I sometimes fell a little nonplussed at the end of conversition I've had with you over text.
Wow, I didn't know a smile could do all that.
But, if there is something you can point out to me.
Here, I've got regular sets of emojis up on my phone.
I mean this one.
.....................
See how the eyes look same as the grimace , the ... and the waving goodbye.
Oh, yeah, they are all the same eyes.
To me, that classical smile, the one you don't like, just means milder emotion.
You recommend I use the joyful smile, the laugh, or the grin to express real happiness
Yeah, exactly.
You know how we had emoji menu up on my phone
I just send the emojis we're talking about to someone from an hour old chat
I think it's not too late to recall the message
I leave you to it
Well, I get back to work




My WeChat friend was very confused by my emojis
I made my friend confused by using some emojis on WeChat
My WeChat friend got confused by those emojis I sent
My friend on WeChat got confused
My friend on WeChat got ...
But I didn't have anything new to say to that guy
So I just end it with let's go for a bear
Send him a sticker
Have you seen this set of stickers
Those are cute
I don't quit from my WeChat groups in order to collect stickers
I don't quit from my WeChat groups just to collect stickers
I stay in some of my chat groups just to collect stickers
The soul purpose fow which I stay in groups is to collect stickers
I stick with some of my chat groups just to collect stickers

Don't you have something to contribute to those groups
Sometime, a man asked a question that not so many other people can answer
But the other times, you just grab stickers
And funny videos, cute pictures that kind of stuff
social media fluff
How about you show me your collection
You might have something I don't have
Most of the same stuff keeps going around
I've got go now
OK. maybe next time
Well, I'll send you some in a little while, then you can save the ones you like
Oh, thanks in advance
See you later