1,What type of transportation do you use when you go to school or work?
On five days of a week, I take bus to work. After getting off the bus,
I have to ride a bicyle to my company, it's about a 15 minutes ride.
But if I walk to company, it may take me 30 minutes.
On the other two days, I mean weekend, I drive my car to work.
2,Which one would you prefer, public transportation or private transportation?
It depends. I prefer public transportation when I go to work, because I could
have time for a walk or a ride, it's a good way of exercise, I think. And, it's
more economical.
But if I go out to meet a friend or something else, I prefer private 
transportation, because it can save my time, and help me avoid rush and crowed
bus or subway.
3,What type of transportation is the most popular one now in your city?
I think the most popular type of transportation is subway. The government has
built a lot of subway lines, basically you can go anywhere by taking subway.
At the same time, there're new lines being established. The reason why people
like taking subway to commute is that the subway is more economical, faster than
other types of transportation.
4,What will become the most popular meanings of transportation in the future in China?
In terms of short distance trips, such as commuting in city, the subway will be
the most popular meanings of transportation.
But in terms of long distance trip, the express railway will be the most popular one. 
You know, the express railway had a rapid development in China, the technologies used
in the express railway go ahead of the world. We Chinese all admire the achievements
we have gained in the development of the express railway, and we all prefer the
express railway when travelling to other city.
5,When is the traffic busiest in your city?
At 7 to 9 AM. and 5 to 7 PM. It's the time to work and knock off work.
Every morning on weekday, the subway is too crowed that it's impossible
to get on the train. Every evening on weekday, it's almost the same, may be even worse.
6,Howe can we solve the traffic congestion?
I think there's no perfect solution to this issue. There're many reasons that lead to
the traffic congestion. Large population, bad plans for building the streets, too many
cars, lack of public transportation, these all contribute to the traffic congestion.
But I think the immediate solution is to establish more subway lines, and open up more
bus lines.