1,Do you like helping others?
Honestly speaking, I like helping others. I'll be really happy if
I could help someone to get over some troubles.
You know, anyone may have to get through some tough period of time.
And if you are in trouble and have to overcome some difficulties,
you may want someone to help you. So think of it in others' shoes,
helping others is just like helping yourself. It's not a matter
of getting gratitude of getting payback, it's just a matter of
truely following the virtue deep in your heart.
2,In your view, should children be taught to help others?
I think it's right. Helping others is a virtue, we should protect it 
and maintain it as we do to other virtues, and we should also make
children inherit this precious virtue. In school, children have to study
in a group, likewise, after children get into the society, they have
to work in a group or in a team. If you want to be successful, you should
do it by helping others. If one just make themselves look good at the expends of others,
them won't be successful in the long term.So getting down well with others can lead
to a more successful life.
3,How can we encourage children to help others?
Firstly, tell them that people should help others, we can do that by telling them stories
about that or sharing some scenarios we experienced in the past.
Secondly, compliment them if they have the correct behaviors.
The most important one is that we should always teach children by our actions. Children
will act in the way we act, so being a model role to children will be the best method.
4,Do you think people are less willing to help others, compared to the past. Why or not?
Yes, I think that's right. Economic is developing rapidly, society is developing rapidly,
and if you want to earn more money, you must be in a rush at all times, and you must
grasp lots of skills and opportunities. In this case, people are becoming more
and more anxious and flurried, what they can care about is just their things.
They won't be ablt to spend efforts to help others, and they don't have time
to care about others, their things are enough for them to handle.
5,How can charitable organizations help people?
Besides providing food and bed for poor people, I think giving more support
to their spirit is more important. 
