1,Where is your hometown?
My hometown is JiNing a not very big city in ShanDong province.
It's located in South West ShanDong.
I grew up in a small village which is a little far away from
the city center. So I had never been to the city center in my childhood.
2,Is your howntown a big city or a small town
My hometown is not a big city, but I think it's one of the ten most large cities 
in ShanDong province.
3,What is your hometown like?
Because I was raised in a small village, so I think I should speak more 
about that village I lived in. Like most of other villages in ShanDong,
We can divide the village into two parts, one is living area, the other
is farm land. All houses are built in a limited area, it's not allowed
to build a new house in a new area without permission. Every house has
a small yard, and has about 3 or 4 rooms. In practice, there is always
a house behind your house, so you won't lack neighbors. There're a lot
of paths cross the living area, you will feel peaceful and comfortable
walking on those paths.
4,Do you enjoy living in your hometown?
Definitely. I have a very happy childhood, mainly because I lived
in a peaceful and beautiful village. I had a lot of partners, we went
to school together, we run in the farm together, we explored the wild together.
There's always full of happiness in my village.
5,Is there anything you dislike about your hometown?
Yes, nothing is perfect. Because it's too far away from the city center,
it brought a lot of inconvenience for us to go to the city center. I remember
when I was a high school student, I had to live in school and go home on weekends.
6,How long have you been living in you hometown?
I lived in my hometown till I went to my college, it's about 18 years.
7,Do you think you'll continue living in you hometown for a long time?
No, I should say no. Hometown is lovely but it couldn't provide me enough
opportunities for my career. Now I have to pursue my career, so I would go back 
to live in my hometown within some years. Maybe I would choose to live
in my hometown after I retire.
8,Have any changes happened in your hometown? do you like them? why?
Yes, there were some changs happened, even though they were not rapid changes.
I think the biggest change happened in my hometown is that there're buses
running between from the village to the town, it makes the citizens' life
more convenient. And when I go home, I don't need to ask my family to pick
me up, because I could take the bus home. It's more convenient compared to what
I did before.
